#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
adagio==0.2.4
    # via
    #   fugue
    #   qpd
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via ray
alembic==1.12.0
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   optuna
altair==5.1.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   streamlit
ansi2html==1.8.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   jupyter-dash
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.11.1
    # via
    #   fugue-sql-antlr
    #   qpd
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   httpcore
    #   starlette
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via fs
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
    #   visions
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
    #   tzlocal
bar-chart-race==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
blinker==1.6.2
    # via streamlit
boto3==1.28.48
    # via
    #   moto
    #   pycaret
botocore==1.31.48
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via streamlit
catboost==1.1.1
    # via pycaret
category-encoders==2.6.2
    # via pycaret
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   urllib3
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   dask
    #   databricks-cli
    #   distributed
    #   explainerdashboard
    #   flask
    #   flask-simplelogin
    #   mlflow
    #   nltk
    #   ray
    #   streamlit
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   hyperopt
    #   mlflow
    #   pycaret
    #   qpd
    #   shap
cmaes==0.10.0
    # via optuna
colorlog==6.7.0
    # via optuna
colour==0.1.5
    # via dtreeviz
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==41.0.3
    # via
    #   moto
    #   pyopenssl
    #   urllib3
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   yellowbrick
cython==3.0.2
    # via pmdarima
dacite==1.8.1
    # via ydata-profiling
dash[testing]==2.13.0
    # via
    #   dash-auth
    #   dash-bootstrap-components
    #   dash-cytoscape
    #   explainerdashboard
    #   interpret-core
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pycaret
dash-auth==2.0.0
    # via explainerdashboard
dash-bootstrap-components==1.5.0
    # via explainerdashboard
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   interpret-core
dash-cytoscape==0.3.0
    # via interpret-core
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   interpret-core
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   interpret-core
dash-testing-stub==0.0.2
    # via dash
dask[dataframe,distributed]==2023.5.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   fugue
    #   qpd
databricks-cli==0.17.7
    # via mlflow
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via sktime
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via pycaret
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   interpret-core
    #   multiprocess
distributed==2023.5.0
    # via dask
docker==6.1.3
    # via mlflow
dtreeviz==2.2.2
    # via explainerdashboard
entrypoints==0.4
    # via mlflow
evidently==0.2.8
    # via pycaret
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
explainerdashboard==0.4.3
    # via pycaret
fairlearn==0.7.0
    # via pycaret
fastapi==0.103.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   pycaret
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
ffmpy==0.3.1
    # via gradio
filelock==3.12.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ray
flask==2.2.3
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask-simplelogin
    #   flask-wtf
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   mlflow
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
    #   pycaret
flask-simplelogin==0.1.2
    # via explainerdashboard
flask-wtf==1.1.1
    # via
    #   explainerdashboard
    #   flask-simplelogin
fonttools==4.42.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   ray
fs==2.4.16
    # via triad
fsspec==2023.9.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   triad
fugue[dask]==0.8.6
    # via
    #   pycaret
    #   statsforecast
fugue-sql-antlr==0.1.7
    # via fugue
future==0.18.3
    # via hyperopt
gevent==23.9.1
    # via interpret-core
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.36
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   streamlit
gradio==3.44.3
    # via pycaret
gradio-client==0.5.0
    # via gradio
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   dtreeviz
    #   explainerdashboard
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via gevent
grpcio==1.58.0
    # via ray
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via mlflow
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via ydata-profiling
httpcore==0.18.0
    # via httpx
httpx==0.25.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
huggingface-hub==0.17.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
hyperopt==0.2.7
    # via pycaret
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   urllib3
imagehash==4.3.1
    # via
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
imageio==2.31.3
    # via scikit-image
imbalanced-learn==0.11.0
    # via pycaret
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   dask
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-client
    #   mlflow
    #   numba
    #   pycaret
    #   streamlit
importlib-resources==6.0.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   category-encoders
    #   gradio
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   matplotlib
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
interpret==0.4.4
    # via pycaret
interpret-core[dash,debug,decisiontree,ebm,lime,linear,notebook,plotly,required,sensitivity,shap,skoperules,treeinterpreter]==0.4.4
    # via interpret
ipykernel==6.25.2
    # via
    #   interpret-core
    #   jupyter-dash
ipython==8.12.2
    # via
    #   interpret-core
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipyvizzu
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   pycaret
ipyvizzu==0.16.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via pycaret
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   distributed
    #   flask
    #   fugue
    #   fugue-sql-antlr
    #   gradio
    #   moto
    #   pycaret
    #   pydeck
    #   ydata-profiling
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   explainerdashboard
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   interpret-core
    #   kmodes
    #   mlxtend
    #   nltk
    #   phik
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pynndescent
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-optimize
    #   scikit-plot
jsonschema==4.19.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   ipyvizzu
    #   nbformat
    #   ray
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.3.1
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbformat
jupyter-dash==0.4.2
    # via explainerdashboard
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
kaleido==0.2.1
    # via pycaret
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
kmodes==0.12.2
    # via pycaret
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
lightgbm==4.1.0
    # via pycaret
lime==0.2.0.1
    # via interpret-core
llvmlite==0.40.1
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
lxml==4.9.3
    # via dash
m2cgen==0.10.0
    # via pycaret
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   pycaret
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
matplotlib==3.7.3
    # via
    #   bar-chart-race
    #   catboost
    #   dtreeviz
    #   gradio
    #   lime
    #   mlxtend
    #   phik
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   salib
    #   scikit-plot
    #   seaborn
    #   statsforecast
    #   wordcloud
    #   ydata-profiling
    #   yellowbrick
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mlflow==1.27.0
    # via pycaret
mlxtend==0.22.0
    # via pycaret
moto==4.2.2
    # via pycaret
msgpack==1.0.5
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ray
multimethod==1.9.1
    # via
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via
    #   dash
    #   salib
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via pycaret
nest-asyncio==1.5.7
    # via
    #   dash
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-dash
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   hyperopt
    #   scikit-image
    #   visions
nltk==3.8.1
    # via evidently
numba==0.57.1
    # via
    #   pycaret
    #   pynndescent
    #   pyod
    #   shap
    #   statsforecast
    #   umap-learn
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   altair
    #   catboost
    #   category-encoders
    #   cmaes
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   dtreeviz
    #   evidently
    #   explainerdashboard
    #   fairlearn
    #   gradio
    #   hyperopt
    #   imagehash
    #   imageio
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   interpret-core
    #   kmodes
    #   lightgbm
    #   lime
    #   m2cgen
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   mlxtend
    #   numba
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   phik
    #   plotly-express
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pmdarima
    #   pyarrow
    #   pycaret
    #   pydeck
    #   pyod
    #   pywavelets
    #   ray
    #   salib
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-optimize
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   skope-rules
    #   sktime
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
    #   tbats
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tifffile
    #   triad
    #   tsdownsample
    #   tune-sklearn
    #   umap-learn
    #   visions
    #   wordcloud
    #   xgboost
    #   ydata-profiling
    #   yellowbrick
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via databricks-cli
optuna==3.3.0
    # via pycaret
orjson==3.9.7
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   plotly-resampler
outcome==1.2.0
    # via trio
oyaml==1.0
    # via explainerdashboard
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   dask
    #   deprecation
    #   distributed
    #   docker
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   optuna
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
    #   ray
    #   scikit-image
    #   shap
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboardx
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   bar-chart-race
    #   catboost
    #   category-encoders
    #   dask
    #   dtreeviz
    #   evidently
    #   explainerdashboard
    #   fairlearn
    #   fugue
    #   gradio
    #   interpret-core
    #   mlflow
    #   mlxtend
    #   phik
    #   plotly-express
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   qpd
    #   ray
    #   salib
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   skope-rules
    #   sktime
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
    #   triad
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.0
    # via dask
patsy==0.5.3
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   plotly-express
    #   statsmodels
pendulum==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
percy==2.0.2
    # via dash
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
phik==0.12.3
    # via ydata-profiling
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   imagehash
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   streamlit
    #   visions
    #   wordcloud
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   dash
    #   evidently
    #   interpret-core
    #   plotly-express
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pycaret
    #   statsforecast
plotly-express==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
plotly-resampler==0.9.1
    # via
    #   pycaret
    #   statsforecast
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
pmdarima==2.0.3
    # via
    #   pycaret
    #   tbats
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via prometheus-flask-exporter
prometheus-flask-exporter==0.22.4
    # via mlflow
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
protobuf==4.24.3
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   ray
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboardx
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   dash
    #   distributed
    #   interpret-core
    #   ipykernel
    #   pycaret
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py4j==0.10.9.7
    # via hyperopt
pyaml==23.9.6
    # via scikit-optimize
pyarrow==13.0.0
    # via
    #   fugue
    #   ray
    #   streamlit
    #   triad
pycaret[full]==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.12
    # via
    #   evidently
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   ydata-profiling
pydeck==0.8.0
    # via streamlit
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via databricks-cli
pympler==1.0.1
    # via streamlit
pynndescent==0.5.10
    # via umap-learn
pyod==1.1.0
    # via pycaret
pyopenssl==23.2.0
    # via urllib3
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==7.4.2
    # via
    #   dash
    #   dtreeviz
    #   pycaret
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   moto
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
    #   streamlit
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via gradio
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via pendulum
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   evidently
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   mlflow
    #   optuna
    #   oyaml
    #   pyaml
    #   ray
    #   responses
    #   ydata-profiling
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
qpd[dask]==0.4.4
    # via fugue
querystring-parser==1.2.4
    # via mlflow
ray[tune]==2.6.3
    # via
    #   pycaret
    #   tune-sklearn
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.8.8
    # via nltk
requests[security]==2.31.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   databricks-cli
    #   docker
    #   evidently
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   interpret-core
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   mlflow
    #   moto
    #   percy
    #   pycaret
    #   ray
    #   responses
    #   streamlit
    #   ydata-profiling
responses==0.23.3
    # via moto
retrying==1.3.4
    # via
    #   dash
    #   jupyter-dash
rich==13.5.2
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.10.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.6.2
    # via boto3
salib==1.4.7
    # via interpret-core
schemdraw==0.15
    # via pycaret
scikit-base==0.5.1
    # via sktime
scikit-image==0.21.0
    # via lime
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   dtreeviz
    #   evidently
    #   explainerdashboard
    #   fairlearn
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   interpret-core
    #   kmodes
    #   lime
    #   mlxtend
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pynndescent
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-optimize
    #   scikit-plot
    #   shap
    #   skope-rules
    #   sktime
    #   tbats
    #   tune-sklearn
    #   umap-learn
    #   yellowbrick
scikit-optimize==0.9.0
    # via pycaret
scikit-plot==0.3.7
    # via pycaret
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   category-encoders
    #   evidently
    #   fairlearn
    #   hyperopt
    #   imagehash
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   interpret-core
    #   kmodes
    #   lightgbm
    #   lime
    #   mlflow
    #   mlxtend
    #   phik
    #   plotly-express
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pynndescent
    #   pyod
    #   salib
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-optimize
    #   scikit-plot
    #   shap
    #   skope-rules
    #   sktime
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   tbats
    #   tune-sklearn
    #   umap-learn
    #   xgboost
    #   ydata-profiling
    #   yellowbrick
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via ydata-profiling
selenium==4.2.0
    # via dash
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
shap==0.42.1
    # via
    #   explainerdashboard
    #   interpret-core
    #   pycaret
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   catboost
    #   databricks-cli
    #   fs
    #   hyperopt
    #   patsy
    #   pyod
    #   python-dateutil
    #   querystring-parser
    #   retrying
    #   triad
skope-rules==1.0.1
    # via interpret-core
sktime==0.21.1
    # via pycaret
slicer==0.0.7
    # via shap
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.20
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   mlflow
    #   optuna
sqlglot==18.5.0
    # via fugue
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via mlflow
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
starlette==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
statsforecast==1.5.0
    # via pycaret
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   evidently
    #   plotly-express
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   statsforecast
    #   ydata-profiling
streamlit==1.26.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via databricks-cli
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.2.0
    # via visions
tbats==1.1.3
    # via pycaret
tblib==2.0.0
    # via distributed
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
tensorboardx==2.6.2.2
    # via ray
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
tifffile==2023.7.10
    # via scikit-image
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   streamlit
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperopt
    #   lime
    #   nltk
    #   optuna
    #   pycaret
    #   shap
    #   statsforecast
    #   umap-learn
    #   ydata-profiling
trace-updater==0.0.9.1
    # via plotly-resampler
traitlets==5.10.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbformat
treeinterpreter==0.2.3
    # via interpret-core
triad==0.9.1
    # via
    #   adagio
    #   fugue
    #   fugue-sql-antlr
    #   qpd
trio==0.22.2
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.10.4
    # via selenium
tsdownsample==0.1.2
    # via plotly-resampler
tune-sklearn==0.4.6
    # via pycaret
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via ydata-profiling
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.11
    # via responses
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   altair
    #   dash
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   pydantic
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   streamlit
    #   uvicorn
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.3.1
    # via streamlit
umap-learn==0.5.4
    # via pycaret
urllib3[secure,socks]==1.26.16
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   databricks-cli
    #   distributed
    #   docker
    #   pmdarima
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   selenium
urllib3-secure-extra==0.1.0
    # via urllib3
uvicorn==0.23.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   pycaret
validators==0.22.0
    # via streamlit
visions[type_image_path]==0.7.5
    # via ydata-profiling
waitress==2.1.2
    # via
    #   dash
    #   explainerdashboard
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.6.3
    # via docker
websockets==11.0.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask
    #   moto
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
wordcloud==1.9.2
    # via ydata-profiling
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via deprecated
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
wtforms==3.0.1
    # via
    #   flask-simplelogin
    #   flask-wtf
wurlitzer==3.0.3
    # via pycaret
xgboost==2.0.0
    # via pycaret
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via moto
xxhash==3.3.0
    # via pycaret
ydata-profiling==4.5.1
    # via pycaret
yellowbrick==1.5
    # via pycaret
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.16.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==6.0
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
